second CONDITION OBJ TRUE 2
You'll have to search far and wide for the next one ;)
first OBJECTIVE 2 CONDITION OBJ TRUE 1
and here's your second!
first CONDITION OBJ FALSE 1
you haven't done the first objective yet :(
objective OBJECTIVE 1
here's your first objective!
flag ACTION pat PLAYER CONDITION FLAG TRUE 0
you're blessed!
flag CONDITION FLAG FALSE 0
you're not blessed!
strength ACTION frown PLAYER CONDITION STRENGTH BELOW 11
Too bad, your stat isn't high enough for me to be impressed
dex ACTION frown PLAYER CONDITION DEX BELOW 11
Too bad, your stat isn't high enough for me to be impressed
con ACTION frown PLAYER CONDITION CON BELOW 11
Too bad, your stat isn't high enough for me to be impressed
int ACTION frown PLAYER CONDITION INT BELOW 11
Too bad, your stat isn't high enough for me to be impressed
piety ACTION frown PLAYER CONDITION PIETY BELOW 11
Too bad, your stat isn't high enough for me to be impressed
strength ACTION wave PLAYER CONDITION STRENGTH ABOVE 10
oh, your stat is above 10, well done!
dex ACTION wave CONDITION DEX ABOVE 10
oh, your stat is above 10, well done!
con ACTION wave CONDITION CON ABOVE 10
oh, your stat is above 10, well done!
int ACTION wave CONDITION INT ABOVE 10
oh, your stat is above 10, well done!
piety ACTION wave CONDITION PIETY ABOVE 10
oh, your stat is above 10, well done!
cold
yes, I'm cold, but the training locations are warm!  Or do you seek adventures?
adventures
then you must find both the good and the wicked, which means you must seek both druids and werewolves.  And there are so many others!
ship
those nasty pirates?  The ship is often moored at the western end of Oceancrest Avenue.  Oceancrest Avenue is north of here, and runs east and west
pirates
thank goodness they stay on the ship, kind person.
werewolves
oh!  Terrible beasts!  They have a den behind the Manor of Natasha de Allisk.   It's on Overland Drive.
training
yes, I know of the training places, kind person.  Which class do you seek information about? Palidin?  Mage?  Some other great class?
train
you wish to know where to train?  Then let me ask you a question, kind person.  What class are you?  Be you a paladin, or perhaps a mage?
level
level?  Do you mean to inquire about training?
paladin
I know the new paladins must go to the Holy Order of the White Rose, which is near Leviathan and Monument.  The older ones go to the Shrine of Truth and Fairness on Islandia Drive.
mage
my!  Are you a mage?  Then you must train at the Wizard's Eye which is on Rosecrest Street near Marina Way.
thief
A noble profession in these hard times.  The thieve's guild maintains a low level training place at the Swift Hand, which has a hidden entrance near Waterfront Drive and Leviathan Way  Higher levels train at the Invisible Hand, and in some alley between Marina and Eidenhoft.
cleric
bless me, please?  I have seen many of your order seek training at the Shrine of the Protectors, on Regalia Court, near Oceanview Drive.
fighter
a fighter?  then you must seek either Rudolph's Fighting Academy in the plaza on Main Street between Nagaritha and Regalia, or you must go to the Panthor Fighting Academy on Riverdell Way near Nagaritha Drive.
assassin
an assassin!  Surely you know you must find the Silent Knife on Leviathan Drive, a little south of Kafkan Way?  They have a secret entrance near there  Or do you seek the Poisoned Dagger which is in the Hillborough Plaza?
barbarian
my, you're so big and strong!  There are training huts in the Barbarian Pits, but you must know that.   If not, then you must go north on Leviathan Drive, above Tranquility Way, to find your way.  Be prepared to fight for your advancement.
ranger
a ranger!  my respects!  To train you must find the Riverdell Center for Tracking, which is near Leviathan Drive and Netherworld Lane.
gypsy
yes, I know where the gypsies make their camp.  You must go north of Nagaritha Drive on Leviathan Drive, but only a short way.  There is a path into the grape orchard there.
armor
do you seek leather?  Or might you be looking for good metal?
leather
the Dreyfus Elephant leather Works is in the southwestern corner of the city.  They make a fine leather armor for the smaller races.   There is also Rene's Elven Leather Works in the plaza off of Main street, near Waterfront Way.
metal
metal armor!  It's so expensive!  But some of the best is sold at Evander's, between Netherworld Lane and Kafkan Way, just west of Leviathan Drive.
druids
you must go to Etolos.  There is a way to the sacred trees near Leviathan Drive and Yellow Marsh Road.
clouds
giggle...  sorry, kind person, but you must fly to get there!  Perhaps what you seek can be found at the northern end of Avatar Boulevard.
others
perhaps you should seek the underground shrine of the goblins.  There is an old barn on Nagaritha Drive where you might start.
forest
I must tell you, kind person, that strange things happen in the enchanted forest.  But if you must go, you will find out for yourself.  The entry is near Leviathan on Lelion Way.
